Add guide on how to import assets from google sheets (#552)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Integrations/IntegrationBuilder/How to Guides/import-assets.md

---
title: "Import assets from Google Sheets"
linkTitle: "Import assets from Google Sheets"
weight: 60
---

{{% pageinfo %}}
How to use Integration Builder to import assets from Google Sheets.
{{% /pageinfo %}}

## Import assets from Google Sheets

To import assets from Google Sheets, you need to follow two general steps:

1. Create a spreadsheet in Google Sheets.
2. Create a Google Sheets connection.
3. Find and select the recipe
4. Copy and customize the recipe

> 5. Start the recipe

Reviewer: I agree it should be consistent one way or the other. I think for bullet lists it's acceptable to omit the full stop at the end.

The following is a step-by-step guide to walk you through the configuration process.

### 1. Create a spreadsheet in Google Sheets

To import assets from Google Sheets into the Cobalt platform, we first have to create a spreadsheet with the following columns: `Title`, `Type`, `Description`.

> `Title` and `Description` can be anything, but `Type` needs to be one of: `unknown`, `web`, `mobile`, `external_network`, `api`, `cloud_config`, `desktop_obsolete`, `internal_network`, `web_plus_api`, `web_plus_external_network`, `web_plus_mobile`, `wireless_network`, `iot`, `desktop`, `physical`, `other`, `web_plus_api_plus_external_network`, `internal_network_plus_external_network`, `mobile_plus_api`, `web_plus_mobile_plus_api`.

Reviewer: Maybe the `Type` enumeration should use an unordered list? Semantically, it might even make sense to make it a description list.

In case you're looking for a more comprehensive and general guide on how to manage connections, check [here](/integrations/integrationbuilder/connect-your-applications/).

Go to the `Integration Builder` > `Projects`. Select or create a project on the left-side of the page. Then click on the "Create" button on the top-right and choose the "Connection" option.

{{% image src="/integrations/integration_builder/how_to_guides/import-assets/google-sheets-00-create-connection.png" alt="Create a connection for your project" %}}

A "New Connection" page will show up. Look for "Google Sheets" and select the corresponding tile. You can optionally use the search field to quickly find the connection.

{{% image src="/integrations/integration_builder/how_to_guides/import-assets/google-sheets-01-select-connection-type.png" alt="Select connection type" %}}

After selecting the connection type, a form will appear. Provide a name, select a location (we recommend `Cobalt` > `Connections`) and click on "Sign in with Google".

{{% image src="/integrations/integration_builder/how_to_guides/import-assets/google-sheets-02-create-connection-form.png" alt="Create connection form" %}}

> Once signed in with Google, you should get a confirmation that the connection got successfully created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once signed in with Google, you should get a confirmation that the connection was successfully created.
```

{{% image src="/integrations/integration_builder/how_to_guides/import-assets/google-sheets-03-connection-created.png" alt="Connection Created" %}}

### 3. Find and select the recipe

> Go to the `Integration Builder` > `Library` and select Outlook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the `Integration Builder` > `Library` and search for Google Sheets.
```
